add a short line about #8699 (#98)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/10.Components/03.Forms/01.Managing Forms/docs.en.md

A form can contain as many fields as needed. These fields can be laid out dynamically by the system or handled via HTML if you want more control.

> When using the file upload field there is a limit of 1,000 submissions using the same filename. Note that you can attached the submitted files in the "Send form result" action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can attach the submitted files in the "Send form result" action.
```
